Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING]
NARRATOR: Adventure Harbor
was said to be
a mystical place.
[MUSIC CONTINUES]
One day. a lost sea creature
made her way into the harbor.
[INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER GURGLES]
[GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING]
I will never forget the summer
I turned 12.
I was headed nowhere and fast.
All my family before me
either ended up in jail.
or worse.
stayed in the harbor.
That was my destiny.
I lived in an old houseboat
with my mom.
It was just the two of us.
But I was usually alone.
Our area was called
Adventure Harbor.
The stories
about Adventure Harbor said
it was a magical place
with mystical sea creatures
living in the oceans nearby.
I spent almost everyday
boating around that harbor
and I never saw
a single sea creature.
Not a one...
until that 12th summer.
That's when everything changed.
[VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYING]
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
Why don't we
call it a night?
No. man. We're not gonna
call it a night.
I paid you for a full hour.
so we're gonna do the full hour.
Nate. why don't you
give us a sec?
-Ben...
-Hmm.
It's just his third lesson
this week.
Let's give him a break.
I can tell he's just not
into it today.
And quite honestly.
I think
you could use some
peace and quiet yourself.
Maybe you're right. man.
My work's really been...
It's really been gettin' to me.
I'm sorry about this.
Uh. you know what.
I'll have him practice
on his own time.
-when he's feelin' it.
-[CHUCKLES] All right.
NARRATOR: I always thought
every kid other than me
had it easy.
Did you see how good
my free throws were?
I did. honey. So much better
than last week. right?
You know that
left-handed dribble
is really coming along.
I don't think you saw anything
other than your phone.
[SIGHS]
I'll tell you what.
Next week.
I'll leave the phone
in the car.
One hundred percent
undivided attention. Okay?
Nate...
-Nate. look at me now.
-Mm-hmm.
I'd really like it if you'd make
an effort with Tyler tonight.
You know. who knows.
you guys may have some
things in common.
I doubt that.
You see. that's the attitude
I'm talkin' about. man.
You never even give people
a chance.
Come on. man. Come on!
Listen. Nate.
Nothing is ever gonna replace
your mom. Okay?
But we have
to move forward.
Right? And I miss her
every single day.
just like you do.
[SIGHING] Okay.
All right. Come on.
How about you and me goin' out
and making us some real money?
-How are we gonna do that?
-All we gotta do...
is catch one of these things
and sell it
to the highest bidder.
[LAUGHS]
Sounds like
it's worth a boat ride.
[MYSTICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
NARRATOR: Little did I know
these new friends and I
were going to stumble
onto something amazing.
Hey. honey.
Ben and Nate should be here
any minute.
TYLER: Okay.
Tyler. turn around
and look at me. please.
Nate's on your home turf
tonight.
I expect you to
make him feel welcome.
okay?
-I will.
-Thanks.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
-BEN: There she is.
-Hi. come on in.
BEN: Come on. Nate.
[BEN CLEARS THROAT]
Hi. Nate.
It's nice to finally
meet you.
-Hi. Ms. Jessica.
-Um. just Jess.
-Okay.
-[CHUCKLES]
-You look beautiful.
-Oh. thank you.
[KISSES] Thanks.
Tyler. Ben and Nate
are here.
BEN: Oh. hey. man.
What's in the case?
Is that your lunchbox?
Tyler!
Where are
your manners?
I'm sorry. Nate.
I think Tyler's
just a little bit nervous.
Apologize. Now. please.
Sorry.
It's okay.
I wasn't expecting
you to know what's in it.
Come on in. guys.
Megan. this is Nate.
-He's gonna hangout
with Tyler for tonight.
-Okay.
And Tyler has some homework
he needs to finish.
Oh. you know what?
And. Nate can practice
his violin lessons.
because we had to cut
the lesson a little short today.
Right. Nate?
Yes. sir.
-I'm on it.
-Awesome.
All right. boys.
We're gonna take off.
We won't be too late.
-Bye. guys.
-TYLER: Bye.
[GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING]
BEN: Thank you.
You know what? I think
I fell in love with you
on our first date.
-You're kiddin'. right?
-No.
[LAUGHS]
Where I so gracefully
fell down in the restaurant?
-And ripped the back
of my new black dress...
-[LAUGHS]
...and exposed my backside
to everyone.
-[LAUGHS]
-Yeah. that one.
-But you handled it
with such grace.
-[BOTH LAUGH]
And I don't think
I've laughed that hard
in years.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
-Back up a minute...
-Mmm.
Did I hear you use
the "L" word?
I think you did. yeah.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
I love you. too.
Oh. baby don't start crying.
You're gonna make me cry.
I'm sorry. I'm just...
I'm happy.
-[CHUCKLES]
-Well. I also have
a surprise for you.
Oh. And what is that?
I have planned
a weekend getaway
for just you and me.
In Paradise.
-Oh. that sounds amazing.
-Mmm-hmm.
-That's what I was going for.
-[CHUCKLES]
Oh. yeah.
What about the boys?
Oh. it's taken care.
My sister is gonna watch 'em.
Just you and me. Alone.
A whole weekend.
You and me...
in Paradise.
Oh. yeah. I'm in. [LAUGHS]
Yes!
You wanna shoot some hoops?
No.
-Do you play videogames?
-No.
Have you ever played
Monster Hunters?
No.
What? You've never played
Monster Hunters?
It... It's like
the coolest game ever.
I've got two controllers
if you want to play.
No. I'm good.
Do you think we introduced
the boys too soon?
-Well... no.
-No?
-No. I think
it's perfect timing.
-Me. too.
[PLAYING OFF TUNE]
Can you stop that already?
[PLAYS JARRINGLY]
Besides. I kinda wanted
to find out that
whatever this is.
if it was real.
-Oh. it's real. baby.
-[LAUGHS]
-This is real as it gets.
-Mmm. [CHUCKLES]
NARRATOR: Looking back now
I realize
that some of our
best friendships
start off rocky.
I never knew why that was.
Something I read recently
by the great Oscar Wilde said
"What seems to us
as bitter trials
"are often
blessings in disguise."
-Goodnight.
-NATE: Bye.
-Goodnight. Tyler.
-Goodnight.
Good to meet you. ma'am.
Goodnight.
-Good night.
-Oh. thank you.
No problem.
Be safe.
JESSICA: So. how did it go?
We have absolutely nothing
in common.
He won't even play
Monster Hunters.
All he did was play
his violin.
Uh. I think maybe he's just
a little bit shy.
More like weird.
Honey. just because
somebody's different
doesn't mean they're weird.
[GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING]
NARRATOR: And. sometimes.
with encouraging words
from others.
things start to click.
Hey. kiddo.
I'll miss you.
Mom. please.
you're only gonna
be gone for two days.
[ALL LAUGH]
WOMAN: Yeah. you guys go
have fun and get your freak on.
Hey. what? What?
I got this. I got this.
-Bye. Nate.
-It's all right.
-Bye. honey.
-JESSICA: Oh. bye. sweetie.
Thank you so much.
Guys. stay safe.
You be good.
-Now let's get out of here.
-All right.
-What do you guys wanna do?
-Can we make snickerdoodles?
-Seriously?
-Yeah. Nate and I make
the best snickerdoodles.
Once you have one.
you'll never be the same.
Come on. let's go. Let's do it.
-NATE: Yeah.
-You don't wanna come. Tyler?
-I'm okay.
-Okay. all right.
-Why don't you wanna stay
and play with Tyler?
-I'm good.
Okay. all right.
You should really make
an effort here. You know.
your dad and Jessica
are getting pretty serious.
And this is really stressful
on them.
You know. all they want
is one big happy family.
So. you better
get used to it.
'Cause it's on.
What if we don't have
anything in common?
Well. just give it time.
You'll find something.
Aren't you tired of being alone
all the time?
This place is so beautiful.
Uh. well. you know.
only the finest for my lady.
[CHUCKLES]
What do you wanna do?
Well. you know. this weekend
is all about you. baby.
So. anything that
you wanna do.
Mmm.
You know.
I say we just sip our wine
and enjoy the view.
-Mmm.
-[CHUCKLES]
Thank you for this.
We needed it.
You're the best.
TYLER:
Let's go to the marina.
Haven't I seen you
at school before?
Um. no.
Are you sure?
-Yeah. I'm positive.
-[SHOUTS]
-[NATE SHRIEKS]
-What the hell. dude?
-BOY: Got you. Sorry.
-[SARAH LAUGHS]
It was just too good
to pass up.
I'm Travis.
This is Sarah.
ADULT TRAVIS:
That's me. Travis.
I've always been
a bit of a class clown.
The girl. that's Sarah.
She's my closest friend
and always will be.
You might say that she's
the Ariel to my Sebastian.
There is this private part
of the marina
that we like to hang out at.
TRAVIS: We have to
sneak in though.
We don't have keys.
I don't know.
We're busy.
We're gonna go.
Um. you know.
how about tonight?
TRAVIS: Tonight? Yeah.
Meet us by the marina at 10:00.
We'll bring the flashlights.
-See you later.
-All right. guys. Bye.
So. you think they'll come?
No. definitely not.
Me neither.
Wow. That's. um. really good.
What is it?
No. I don't know.
I just make it up.
Well. it's really cool.
It could be a comic book.
I'm not really
that into comic books.
[CLICKS TONGUE] Well.
that's what it is.
Cool drawings
of mythical creatures.
or superheroes.
How come
I've never seen you
at school?
Um. my dad makes me go to
private music school.
You seem to take that violin
pretty serious.
Yeah. I guess.
What about you?
What are you into?
I'm better at sports.
[HESITANTLY] Yeah.
me and sports...
Let's just say I'm always the
last one to get picked
for teams.
Unless it's academic games.
Well. maybe we could
help each other out.
-Deal.
-[CHUCKLES]
-Hey. you guys doin'
all right in here?
-Yeah.
Okay. there's
more snickerdoodles
if you get hungry.
-Don't stay up too late.
all right?
-We won't.
Okay.
Such a perfect day!
I don't remember the last time
I've been this relaxed.
You know what'll make
this day even more perfect?
[SIGHS]
Well...
I know we haven't been
dating very long.
but. uh. a man knows
when he's found the woman
that he wants to spend
the rest of his life with.
I love you so much.
And I want nothing more
than our two families
to become one.
And I would spend
the rest of my life
keeping our love
and family strong.
Jessica...
Yes! Yes. I will marry you.
[LAUGHS] Yes!
[SEALS BARKING]
ADULT TRAVIS: The magic
of the harbor was real.
as real as the passing of time
and change.
Nate and Tyler
were getting closer
and their family
was starting to blend.
Oh. check this out.
I could never get Nate
to play hoops.
Tyler. come on.
Oh! Impressive.
Hi.
How was the trip?
It was amazing.
Yeah.
-How are the boys?
-Well. you see it.
Oh. no...
Hey. guys. I hate to
break up the game. but. um.
Ben and I have something
we want to share with you guys.
WOMAN:
So what's the big surprise?
I can't handle the suspense.
Yeah?
Ben asked me to marry him.
I knew it! I just knew it.
Boys. what do you think?
I'm very excited for you. Mom.
Us. Excited for us. kiddo.
WOMAN: Oh. this calls
for snickerdoodles.
[CHUCKLES]
ADULT TRAVIS:
Sarah was my best friend.
And a close second.
a night shift worker
at the sea lab.
When Sarah goes home.
I wander around the docks
at night.
or paddle my boat around.
I even talk
with the seals.
but they never say
anything back.
My mom is never available.
because she's always working.
And even the sea lab guy
gets busy sometimes
rescuing injured seals
or dolphins.
But I really enjoyed
when he would tell me stories
about rescuing the animals.
It's like it would
make his whole day
having someone
that would actually listen.
[SNIFFS]
JESSICA: Dinner is ready.
Come and get it while it's hot.
Here. sit down.
How was your day. honey?
Wow. check you out
with the classic wifey line.
-Mm. you like?
-I love it.
[JESSICA CHUCKLES]
Well. I actually had
an interesting day.
Tell me more.
Well. you know
that position I applied for?
-You got it?
-Nope.
Then what?
Well...
Actually. I got laid off.
Ouch.
Yeah.
[SIGHS]
We'll figure it out.
You know. I'm here
for the good times
and the bad times. Ben.
You know.
what about the wedding?
what are we gonna do?
I don't want to add
to your stress. and I'm...
Like...
Should we delay it?
Move in with us?
We'll make it work.
I mean. the boys
are already bonding.
We were gonna
do it eventually.
Why not now?
God. I love you so much.
-Come here.
-[JESSICA CHUCKLES]
You guys. this is gonna be
such an exciting adventure.
What about school?
What about it?
I don't wanna
go to private school anymore.
Well. your dad and I talked.
and you boys are both going
to the same school next year.
-Really?
-Really.
That's awesome!
Now you can do
all my homework.
NATE:
You're dreaming.
Well. maybe we could work out
some kind of deal?
I think we can come up
with something.
[BOTH IMITATE EXPLOSION]
I don't wanna get caught.
Come on. where's
your sense of adventure?
I don't have any.
Well. tonight. we've got
to change all of that.
[NATE SIGHS]
[DOOR CREAKS SOFTLY]
TRAVIS: I didn't think
you were gonna show.
Looks like you were wrong.
ADULT TRAVIS:
Like many other nights.
me and Sarah
went exploring the harbor.
but this time.
we got to experience it
through the eyes
of our new friends.
Little did we know what
we were about to discover.
Wow. this is so cool!
And just. you know.
a little creepy.
So you guys swim in here?
Yeah. we used to. but then
they added security guards.
NATE: What about at night?
Once. but it's super cold.
[CREATURE CALLS]
What is that?
I... I don't know.
I think it's moving.
What do you think it is?
Treasure.
Treasure?
I don't know.
Turn your flashlights off.
-Why?
-Just do it and be quiet.
What the hell was that?
Now who's the scaredy cat?
Looks like it's
some kind of creature.
Maybe it's the reflection
off of something.
Or. like. it's a fish.
It's a fish.
It is not a fish.
It was way too big
to be a fish.
Maybe it was a mermaid.
Oh. yeah. maybe it's Ariel.
Shut up. Travis.
We should come back here
tomorrow when it's light out.
Yeah.
ADULT TRAVIS:
I didn't know what to think.
But maybe at that point
I had to realize that perhaps
the stories were true.
Did we find a sea creature?
Or have I lost my mind?
[CHUCKLES]
JESSICA:
You guys are up early.
You sleep okay?
-Yeah. Slept like a rock.
-NATE: Me. too.
-[DISHES CLANGING]
-You're eating
like you're starving.
Is it okay if we go
to the beach?
-Sure.
-Mm. Yeah.
-Yeah.
-I guess.
We want to... beat the rush.
-Hey.
-TYLER: Sorry. Bye. Mom.
Don't forget the sun tan lotion.
and don't forget to wear it.
Thanks. Mom.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
Nate just called me "Mom."
See? I knew he was gonna
love you as much as I do.
[CHUCKLES]
-[KISSES]
-Mm.
Dude. I barely got any sleep
last night. like at all.
TYLER: Me neither.
So what's up
with the baseball bat?
I'm prepared
just in case that thing
in the harbor
tries to attack us.
Seriously?
Yeah. I'm always prepared
for the stuff like this.
Come on.
Get in the boat. Let's go.
What's with the violin?
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
ADULT TRAVIS:
This was an adventure
none of us would soon forget.
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
SARAH:
We've to move slowly
so we don't scare her.
Why do you think it's a girl?
You know.
because of it's pretty colors.
Well. actually.
most birds have...
Well. most male birds
have colorful feathers.
Is this a bird?
TRAVIS: I don't care
if it's a guy or a girl.
I just wanna find out
what the heck that thing is.
Over here.
Be careful. It might bite.
It looks hungry.
NATE:
I wonder what that thing eats.
Or why it's here.
And all alone.
Maybe it's lost.
We have to find out
what it is.
Guys. she's injured.
Let's all lift it up.
[DOOR OPENS]
Hey. Mom. Dad.
This is. uh. Sarah and Travis.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi. Sarah and Travis.
Hi.
-Hmm.
NATE:
They eat. uh. shrimp.
small fish. squid.
What. Nate?
They like music.
Oh. for God's sakes. man.
Stay focused.
There's a bait shop.
It's not too far from here.
Let's go.
ADULT TRAVIS:
We were all starting
to feel like a family.
And the funny thing is.
I was the big brother.
It felt really good
to be needed.
SHOPKEEPER:
What can I do for you kids?
TRAVIS:
Uh. uh. can we get two bags
of sardines. please?
SHOPKEEPER:
Uh. you got something
to put them in?
TRAVIS: Yeah.
That will be $7.85.
-Are you sure this is it?
-Yeah.
All right. your total is $12.37.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
Have a good day.
TYLER: What?
You never held bait before?
NATE: No!
It looks so slimy.
Now just don't grab it
too hard.
or otherwise
you're gonna squish it.
Got it. Come on. Nate.
Grab one.
[EXHALES]
[NATE WHIMPERING]
He's so slimy.
Here you go. Mysti.
Mysti?
Yeah. like a mystical
sea creature.
TYLER:
We should head back to Joe's.
Buy some different baits.
maybe she'll eat it.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
ADULT TRAVIS:
We were on a mission
to save Mysti.
Sarah came up with that name
and it stuck.
She was very mystical.
and she brought us all together.
I didn't realize that
at the time.
but that's actually
how it happened.
She even brought us
another friend.
a reporter named Hannah.
JOE: What are you
talking about. Billy?
I saw a family
of sea creatures.
Sea creatures. huh?
It had a bunch
of shimmery colors
and it was. it was singing.
JOE: There's no such thing
as sea creatures.
BILLY: I saw it
with my own two eyes.
Maybe with
your beer goggles on.
I wasn't drunk.
I saw something in the water
and then I heard the sound.
It was like. it was like...
sounding a horn.
or a siren. or something.
Hmm. Sea creatures?
That's quite a fish tale. Billy.
I know what I saw.
Excuse me. Um. I happened
to overhear you
in the store talking about
seeing a sea creature.
[CHUCKLES] I'm not crazy.
I don't think you're crazy.
Actually. do you mind
if I ask you some questions?
Shoot.
When did you see them?
I was out in my boat
early this morning
when I heard something
in the water.
I grabbed my binoculars
and I saw something
in the distance.
And when it came to the surface.
what I saw looked
like a rainbow
in the water.
Popped its head out the water.
[LAUGHS]
And it was a creature face.
Do you think it could
have been a dolphin?
[LAUGHS] No. I know...
I know
what a dolphin looks like.
This was no dolphin.
And you said
you heard it singing?
Yeah. it. it was...
It was really.
really pretty. but...
It was
a sad song.
Wow. that's
fascinating.
[LAUGHS HEARTILY]
You probably think
I'm a crazy old coot.
don't you?
-Not at all.
-Uh...
Actually.
could you take me
to where you saw them?
Yeah. Yeah.
Meet me at the pier
tomorrow morning at sunrise.
Okay.
See you then.
TRAVIS: I wonder if Billy
really saw sea creatures.
TYLER: You know him?
Everybody knows him.
He drinks a lot.
but. I don't think
he's crazy.
You think
it's Mysti's family?
I bet it is.
You saw
how bad off she is.
She can't
even eat.
I doubt she's
back in the ocean.
All the animals
are gonna eat her.
Guys. we have
to help her.
JESSICA: You guys have been
spending a lot of time
with Sarah
and Travis lately.
Yeah.
they're cool.
Is it okay if we
go fishing tomorrow
on the pier?
Actually. I was going
to go look at
a couple of houses
and I'd really
like you both with me.
NATE: Do we have to?
No. no.
I think fishing
would be a whole lot
more fun. buddy.
Thanks. Dad.
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
And you know what?
I got some old fishing rods
that you can use.
JESSICA: I didn't know
you were a fisherman.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah.
I used to go with my dad.
He used to take me when
I was like half their age.
I can give it
to him.
-You wanna see it?
-JESSICA: Sure.
Come on.
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
TRAVIS: Oh. "Do your chores.
take out the trash."
God. I wish
she'd leave me alone.
Oh. "Do your homework.
Go to school."
I can handle it.
You don't need
to yell at me
all the time.
[EXHALES]
[EERIE MUSIC
CONTINUES PLAYING]
Mysti?
Is that you?
Wow. you really
are mystical.
aren't you?
You're so lucky you don't
have to do chores.
take out the trash
with your mom
yelling at you.
You can just
swim around.
eat what you want.
do what you want.
You don't have to deal
with your family.
I wish I had your life.
[EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES]
Oh. Mysti. you're not
looking so good.
I got to get you
to the aquarium.
Stay here. Mysti.
Be safe.
ADULT TRAVIS:
Mysti needed help.
so I went to the only adult
that I could trust.
The sea lab guy.
I told him about Mysti
and that he was the only adult
I knew that could help her.
Obviously.
he couldn't refuse.
I guess listening
to all his stories paid off.
-What are you drawing?
-Mysti.
Well. looks
just like her.
-Anyone want ice cream?
-No. thanks.
I think I'm going
to hit the sack.
What kind
of creature is that?
Not sure yet.
It's his girlfriend.
It's your
girlfriend.
Well. it's
really good.
No matter
whose girlfriend it is.
Thanks.
Okay. You guys
don't stay up
too late. okay?
Mom. I just want
to tell you
that me and Nate
are having lots
of fun together.
I love you both.
Make sure you get
some sleep. okay?
Hey!
You all want
to see a dead body?
You are
so weird. Travis.
TRAVIS: So.
who's going in?
SARAH:
Not me. It's way
too cold in there.
-Why don't you
go in. Travis?
-Why me?
NATE: I'll do it.
No. it's fine.
-She knows me better anyway.
-TYLER: What if
she bites you?
She's not
gonna bite me.
It's freezing.
SARAH: Just get in.
[PLAYING SOULFUL TUNE]
[CONTINUES PLAYING VIOLIN]
ADULT TRAVIS: I jumped in.
even though I was scared.
I felt like I couldn't
let my family down.
And once I was in.
Nate pulled out his violin
and started playing.
It was
really weird.
The music
seemed to heal Mysti.
She started
to glow again.
It was this beautiful gold
shimmering rainbow.
[VIOLIN MUSIC CONTINUES]
-Ahoy.
-Hey. there.
Hey. um. we heard
about the sea creatures.
Can we
come with you?
That's real smart.
Just let
the whole world know
about them.
why don't you.
HANNAH: I don't see
why not.
Who are
these stowaways?
They're going to help us
find some sea creatures.
Come on.
Got it.
Are you
a reporter?
I want to be.
But right now
I'm studying journalism
at the community college.
So do you really think
that Billy saw sea creatures?
Probably not.
But it could be
a new species of fish.
which would be
a great story for me.
[PLAYING SOULFUL MELODY]
Hey. there's kids
on board.
-It's just water.
-Billy. that's not water.
I... I see
something.
-Where?
-Way out. over there.
I don't
see anything.
[CELESTIAL MUSIC PLAYING]
That's it.
That's what
I heard.
NATE: It's right there.
right there.
I see a bunch
of beautiful
shimmering colors.
TYLER: I see them.
BILLY: I told you.
SARAH: They sound
so sad.
It may not be a sad song.
It could be a mating call.
HANNAH: What are
you doing?
Billy. stop!
TRAVIS: What are you doing?
HANNAH: Billy. please.
They're right.
We don't want them
to get away.
Then we
have nothing.
[BOAT ENGINE WHIRRING]
We can come back out
without the kids.
I want to get
to these creatures
-as much as you do.
-You're right.
Then you'll
get your story.
and then I'll have
my cash cow.
[LAUGHS MANIACALLY]
HANNAH: It's getting late.
We should get back
to the pier.
We'll get them
another day.
Guys. we need to get
that memory card.
Sarah. you distract her
and we'll get it.
Okay.
So. when did you know
that you wanted to be
a journalist?
I was probably
about your age
actually.
I was watching
the news one night
with my dad
and this woman
journalist came on.
She was reporting clues
she had uncovered
to solve
a murder case.
And at that moment.
I knew.
I wanted to be
an investigative reporter.
Well. that's
really cool.
Yeah. Do you know
what you want to be
when you grow up?
Um. I kind of
don't want
the boys to hear.
I'm going to be
a supermodel.
Why don't you want
the boys to know?
Because I know
that they're all
gonna laugh at me.
They think of me
as one of the guys.
I get it.
Boys can be
so mean.
My advice is to work hard
and follow your dreams.
Thanks.
HANNAH: Do you guys
want a ride home?
TRAVIS: Heck. yeah.
HANNAH: Can I ask
you guys for a favor?
TRAVIS: Yeah. sure.
HANNAH: Can we
keep this under wraps
for right now?
NATE: We won't
tell anyone.
TRAVIS: Not a peep.
TYLER: But what
about Billy?
HANNAH: I don't think anyone
would believe him.
even if he did
say anything.
BILLY: You remember me
telling you about
those sea creatures?
No. not this again.
Hey. this time
I got witnesses.
I took this reporter girl
and some kids out today.
We all saw one.
You pulling
my leg?
Pirates' honor.
I never heard
that one before.
[SIGHS]
HANNAH: Travis.
Travis. I know
you saw me.
Hey. I know you guys
took my memory card.
No. we didn't.
Do you want me
to tell your parents
that you stole
my memory card.
or call the police?
[TRAVIS SIGHS]
Okay. fine.
-We took it.
-Why?
Because we don't want you
telling people about them.
Why not?
I can't tell you.
What's
going on. Travis?
I didn't
tell her anything.
Tell me what?
What's going on?
Why did you take
the pictures?
SARAH: Okay.
Come on.
We have to
show you something.
ADULT TRAVIS: I didn't think
Hannah could be trusted.
but I guess Sarah
had a different plan.
so we brought her
to the sea lab.
HANNAH: Is that
what I think it is?
SARAH: Yep.
That's Mysti.
We think she got hurt
and separated
from her family.
It was probably her family
that we saw earlier today.
Why did you
take the pictures?
Because if you
break the story
to anybody.
people will try
to find her
and scare her away.
or something worse.
Mysti will never
see her family again.
Please don't
say anything.
We've already made a plan
on how to get her out of here
and back into the ocean.
I'm in.
[HANNAH CHUCKLES]
JESSICA: Why.
you guys slept late.
TYLER: Yeah. we
stayed up late
playing video games.
JESSICA: Oh.
Hey. I am going to go
look at a house later.
and I really
want you guys
to come with me.
But we already made plans
with Sarah and Travis.
Well. you can
play with them later.
I want your opinion.
and I want to surprise Ben.
Mom. please.
You know. they'll
survive a few hours
without you.
Can we at least tell them
that we'll be back soon?
Yes. but hurry.
I want us
all together.
Okay.
Teamwork makes
the dream work.
ADULT TRAVIS:
My days started
getting brighter.
What started as just two
became four. then five.
Life was fun.
we were inseparable.
Seriously. dude.
you're just sitting there?
You know what?
You're not going anywhere
until you get in there
and you get
your room cleaned
and you take out
the garbage.
All right.
I'll take out the trash.
you don't have to yell at me.
Watch
your attitude!
You think you can
just play with
your friends all day?
Well. guess what?
I'd like to play. too.
but I have to work
two jobs
just to keep
a roof over our heads.
Oh. Jesus.
Everything okay?
She's always
like this.
NATE: Sorry. dude.
Used to it.
all the time happens.
We just came by to tell you
that we're going to be
looking for houses today.
All right. man.
see you guys later.
NATE: We are lucky.
SARAH: That's for sure.
I think we should be
on the...
the ocean
by daybreak.
I need to make
some money. Billy.
We can kill two beer...
[CHUCKLES] birds...
-...with one stone.
-Hmm.
We can
go fishing
and we can look
for the sea creatures.
[LAUGHS]
-Whoo!
-We didn't...
We didn't order these.
These are
on the house tonight.
Mmm.
Right on time.
baby.
Let's do this.
Wow. Wow.
Whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa!
Whoa!
What is
the occasion?
No occasion.
Hey.
You... [CHUCKLES]
You...
You never give away
-free liquor.
-Ugh. Okay.
I heard you boys talking
about a sea creature.
Oh. yeah. Billy
and some kids found one.
and we're gonna try
to catch one.
Well. I'm
off tomorrow.
so how about
you take me with you?
Why?
Why would we
want you to come?
Because you
don't want me
blabbing about this
to everyone I know.
[SHUSHING]
BILLY: Be at the boat
sunrise.
Aye. aye. Captain.
[CHUCKLES]
[GROWLS]
Why?
-Why?
Did you have to open
your big. fat mouth?
I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking.
[BILLY GRUNTS]
Now we got
to cut her in.
[SIGHS]
TYLER:
Guys. I'm nervous.
Travis got her
in here by himself
when she was injured.
All of us together
can do this.
No problem.
Teamwork
makes the dream work.
Oh. my God.
ADULT TRAVIS: I devised a plan
to get Mysti back in the water.
and the whole crew
was on board.
I think it's time
to call it a day.
I got to get home
to my kid.
[RICK SIGHS]
[JULIE SIGHS]
[VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYING
OVER PHONE]
What the heck
are you doing. Billy?
[CELESTIAL MUSIC PLAYING]
-Whoa.
-There she is.
Seems like the old drunk
is craftier
than you all realize.
-RICK: We did it.
-[BILLY LAUGHS]
We are gonna be rich!
[ALL CHEERING]
JULIE:
Oh. I wouldn't believe it
if I wasn't seeing it
with my own two eyes.
BILLY: You coming with
this boy. Right here.
Come on.
JULIE: Don't drown it.
BILLY: Coming right here.
-Hey...
-It's beautiful.
Don't. Don't get
soft on me now.
BILLY: Help me
get her down below.
Be careful now.
that's our meal ticket.
-[ALL CHUCKLING]
-Hey. hey. hey.
Don't breathe a word
of this to anyone.
I've got a guy
who knows a guy.
By this weekend.
-we'll be rolling in the dough.
-[RICK GRUNTS]
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
-JULIE: The stars...
-JULIE: Over there.
Over there.
-I know. I see it.
[LAUGHING]
All right.
-Got it. got it.
-RICK: Got it?
-RICK: Shh...
-He's probably sleeping.
[RICK SHUSHING]
[JULIE LAUGHS LOUDLY]
Hey. Travis.
how you doing?
-TRAVIS: Hey. Rick.
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
JULIE: Oh. okay. Okay.
-I'll see you tomorrow.
-Yeah. you get up right now.
[RICK LAUGHING]
JULIE: Okay.
Oh.
Got it.
-Night. night.
-Nighty night.
Hi. honey.
Well...
Looks like my ship's come in.
What are you
talking about?
Boys and I found treasure
out in the ocean tonight.
-Treasure?
-Yep.
What kind of treasure?
I know it's gonna
sound a little crazy.
but we caught a baby
sea creature tonight.
A real. live
baby sea creature.
and we're gonna sell it.
Wh... Where...
Where'd you find it?
In the water. silly.
[SNICKERS]
Uh...
Did you at least
leave it alive?
What good is a dead
baby sea creature?
Where? Where is it?
It's none of your concern.
You better make sure
you don't say anything
to those little friends yours.
You got it?
Yes. ma'am.
[SIGHS]
JULIE:
Caught a sea creature.
and you'd think he'd be
happy for his mother.
So. babe.
what do you wanna watch?
Let's watch
something funny.
Mm-hmm.
Let's see what we can find.
We have a big problem.
Come on.
Dad. I'm going
skateboarding with Travis.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
-Hey. kids.
-Hi. Miss Jessica.
Um. are Nate
and Tyler around?
Uh. yeah. They're out back
by the fire pit
-if you want
to go join them.
-Sure. thanks.
Billy caught one of the sea
creatures today.
-What?
-Yeah.
My mom was with him.
We have to save it.
And Mysti.
Do you know where
they're keeping
the other one?
I'd have to guess
somewhere on
Billy's boat.
I sure hope Hannah shows up.
She will.
[ALL PANTING]
Whoa. whoa.
We need your help.
We have to help Mysti.
-Wait. who's Mysti?
-Mysti's a sea creature.
Okay. let's all
just calm down.
Dad. just take your keys.
We'll explain on the way.
Okay.
All right. let's do it.
JESSICA: What is it?
SARAH: It's Mysti.
Nate heals her with his music.
I can't believe
what I'm seeing.
Oh.
Guys. I see someone
coming over there.
Okay.
Ben. you and the kids
watch Mysti.
Hannah. let's go
check it out.
[PLAYING SOULFUL MELODY]
Dad. do you trust me?
Of course. I trust you. son.
You need to get
in that water.
and when she comes up.
we need get her.
[CREATURE CALLING]
SECURITY: Ladies.
it's private property.
Um. we're really sorry.
but the gate was open.
so we just thought we'd come
have a look around.
This place looks deserted.
I've never actually been
in here before.
Well. I suppose I could
show you around.
[CREATURE CALLING]
SECURITY:
Gets pretty lonely
here at night.
JESSICA:
That would be great.
SECURITY: Yeah.
JESSICA: Yeah.
Private tour.
That would be awesome.
I mean. we don't want
to take up all your time.
Come on.
It's my pleasure.
-Oh. Wow.
-[BOTH CHUCKLE]
[CREATURE CALLING]
Oh. Wow.
That's a great pool.
Oh. what's over there?
I don't know.
Okay. Well. thanks
for the tour.
Yeah. Yeah. okay.
-Any... Any time. I guess.
-HANNAH: Thanks again.
Come on. we need
to get to Billy's boat.
She's so beautiful.
I know...
I wish I could keep her.
But she's probably
gonna miss her family.
Guys we need
to make a pact.
We can't ever tell
anyone about this.
I mean. if anyone
ever found out.
they'd never be able
to live in peace.
Hey. what'd you do
with those pictures?
HANNAH:
I'm gonna destroy them
so no one ever finds out.
All right. we should get her
back in the water.
ADULT TRAVIS:
We returned Mysti
to the harbor.
It was one of the most
beautiful things
that we had ever seen.
We were sad.
but we knew she had
to go find her family.
Now that Mysti was free.
we had to release her sister
before Rick could sell her.
Our plan was working
perfectly. until...
Hey. what are you doing?
That creature's mine.
No!
[CREATURE CALLING]
[BILLY GRUNTS]
JESSICA:
Are you okay?
BILLY: I'm fine.
What are you doing
on my boat?
BEN: We had to release
the sea creatures back
where they belong.
You know.
they saved your life.
Billy. please. don't tell
anyone about this.
We can't let anyone
hurt them.
Please let this go.
Okay.
I'll let it go.
TYLER: Will we ever
see you again?
Of course. you will.
We're gonna hold this memory
in our hearts forever.
It's gonna keep us bonded
for the rest of our lives.
SARAH:
Okay. dude. let her go.
HANNAH: Bye. Travis.
Bye.
All right.
let's get out of here.
HANNAH: Bye.
ADULT TRAVIS:
So that's my story
about Mysti. the mermaid.
a lost sea creature
that helped us form a family.
Five misfits make
one big happy family.
and friends for life.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
I stayed in Adventure Harbor
and helped my mom more.
It was weird.
The more helpful I was.
the happier she was.
and we got closer
and closer.
I shared with others
all the magic
that the harbor
had to offer.
Nate and Tyler moved on
after high school.
and became
comic book sensations.
Sarah became a model
and a fashion designer.
All her dreams came true.
Hannah and I got married.
Just kidding.
She followed her dream.
and became a very
successful reporter.
Friends are the family
you choose.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]